That's not possible.
The best actress is obviously mine
What about the organizers?
Come out and explain
This lady
What's the problem?
This is how you do events
Let a sow come on stage at random
And gave him the best actress award
Besides, this award should be mine
This is Mr. Gong's order
Although we are the organizers
But the mastermind behind the Golden Dragon Award is Mr. Gong
I demand that you withdraw this award now
I have already said before that this award is for me
Now it's actually moved to a pig
This is an insult to me
This lady
You are not qualified to make any decisions about the Golden Dragon Award
If you make trouble again
I'll kick you out
Mr. Guo, since you are the Golden Dragon Award
World, I demand that you give me a reasonable explanation
What are you?
Why should I explain it to you?
Did Xue Zhilong threaten you to do this?
What did he get on you?
You say it
As long as you say it
From now on, our neighbors will look after you.
I advise you not to overdo yourself.
You are an actor
What right do you have to manipulate me?
Control Golden Dragon Award
Xue Zhilong, why are you doing this to me?
Why humiliate me